<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Preface</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="preface" epub:type="preface">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Preface</h2>
			<p>This collection of Japanese fairy tales is the outcome of a suggestion made to me indirectly through a friend by <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Andrew Lang. They have been translated from the modern version written by Sadanami Sanjin. These stories are not literal translations, and though the Japanese story and all quaint Japanese expressions have been faithfully preserved, they have been told more with the view to interest young readers of the West than the technical student of folklore.</p>
			<p>Grateful acknowledgment is due to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Y. Yasuoka, Miss Fusa Okamoto, my brother Nobumori Ozaki, <abbr>Dr.</abbr> Yoshihiro Takaki, and Miss Kameko Yamao, who have helped me with translations.</p>
			<p>The story which I have named “The Story of the Man who did not Wish to Die” is taken from a little book written a hundred years ago by one Shinsui Tamenaga. It is named Chosei Furo, or “Longevity.” “The Bamboo-cutter and the Moon-child” is taken from the classic “Taketari Monogatari,” and is not classed by the Japanese among their fairy tales, though it really belongs to this class of literature.</p>
			<p>The pictures were drawn by <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Kakuzo Fujiyama, a Tokio artist.</p>
			<p>In telling these stories in English I have followed my fancy in adding such touches of local color or description as they seemed to need or as pleased me, and in one or two instances I have gathered in an incident from another version. At all times, among my friends, both young and old, English or American, I have always found eager listeners to the beautiful legends and fairy tales of Japan, and in telling them I have also found that they were still unknown to the vast majority, and this has encouraged me to write them for the children of the West.</p>
			<p><abbr class="name">Y. T. O.</abbr>, Tokyo, 1908.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
